Boss, why are you here?
If I don't come, I'll be called a black store
This is going to spread out to the antique circle in Dongyuan City
Don't you have to poke my saint lord's spine?
Mr. Sheng, look at what you said
In the entire Dongyuan City, who dares to speak of you?
Who dares to speak to you
I immediately had his tongue pulled out
What does that mean?
When have I ever cut someone's tongue?
Look at my mouth, it should be beaten
Mr. Shen, it's like this
This guy?
I want to use a modern craft imitation to cheat money here
Money is better, spend 10 bucks on his stuff
But he's still messing around here
also said
You also said that your store is a black store.
I can't take this anymore.
You must teach him a good lesson.
Tian Lao
Is that what happened?
Ah, that's right, Mr. Sheng
I thought I could get away with it with a little money
I didn't expect him to kick his nose and talk nonsense
You obviously hacked my sewing box
little brother
My sage has always been open and upright in doing business
Why don't you show me the sewing box?
How is it?
Trying to steal my sewing box and hack it?
Fart us
Tens of billions of heroes will care about your broken box.
Shut up, is this your place to speak? Back off
little brother
I know you've suffered a lot here today
So you say the number.
I'll transfer the money to you first.
Then how about you give me the sewing box?
Mr. Sheng, this is against the rules